# Introducción
____
## :trophy: A3.1 Scrum Start Phase: Project vision statement

Project documentation using the Scrum framework for the initiation phase.

### :blue_book: Instructions
- Based on research and the document provided by the consultant, perform project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity should be done using a platform such as Notion, or Confluence, and should be sent in PDF style, naming it **A3.1_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**
- In addition to having a readme.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, your repository must have a contents section or index.

## :pencil2: Development
1. Develop the vision statement document, integrating a section for:
    - The business case, including introduction, objectives and scope, business modeling, requirements and constraints, list of milestones.
    - Identification of roles such as the product owner, the scrum master and stakeholder, the scrum team
    - The project budget.

2. Fill out the prioritized product backlog form and submit the file within your delivery.

[Vision of the project](../PDF/A3.1-Scrum-start-phase-Project-vision-statement.pdf)

## conclusions 
*  **Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan:** Finishing this practice, we were able to draft the document in a better way, taking into account the indications of the start-up phase of Scrum, as a team we identified the requirements that in the opinion of each one of us thought would not be achieved, personally the most difficult to perform This practice was the requirements section because each one had a different vision on the value of occurrence, impact and priority, so we were marking them having a midpoint of the general opinion as a team.
*  **Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne:** In this practice we use a new tool called Confluence which made the interaction in the team much easier since we could all be modifying at the same time, the practice more than anything was based on incorporating everything seen previously in a new format and They added some fields which we solved as a team, what was difficult for us was in the diagrams since we were not very clear which diagrams to put at the end, we reached the conclusion of putting the one with the highest score, as was done with the other fields
*  **Soria Márquez Guillermo:** In this practice we made a documentation on the case study that was assigned to us and it was a compilation of the documents made in past activities. In itself the practice was not complicated since it was to edit a little the previous works; the complicated thing was that in this practice Confluence was used and it is not that it is very difficult to use but not having knowledge about this tool increased the time of duration of the practice itself. Other than that we did not have any problem but I still need to master some aspects of this tool.
*  **Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro:** The elaboration of this document was not as complicated as one would expect it to be, but the important thing about the elaboration of this document is to be able to learn which are the points in which one must analyze to be able to give a general answer of how we see the project. But more than anything else we must know that this document does not evaluate all the key points in a complete way, but only covers the project in a general way. That is to say, it is a document that is given to the client so that he can have an idea of how the project is elaborated, the times and the cost of the project.

### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated in the section "The company complies with each one of the following points Instructions?            | 10      |  
| Development    | Each of the points requested in the development of the activity was answered.?     | 60      |
| Demonstration  | The student introduces himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity.?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | A personal opinion of the activity is included for each team member.? | 10      |


:house: [Link Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan](https://github.com/IvanRenteria/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne](https://github.com/vanessamRodriguez/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Soria Márquez Guillermo](https://github.com/GuillermoSoria97/Analisis_Avanzado_de_Software)

:house: [Link Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro](https://github.com/Dany305/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)