# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.3 Learning activity

Software architecture design using C4 model

### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on research and the document provided by the consultant, perform project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.3_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**.
- Your repository, in addition to having a **readme**.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a contents section or index.

### :pencil2: Development

1. Draw up the following diagrams for the case study:
   
   - [x] 1. Context diagram.
   - [x] 2. Container diagram.
   - [x] 3. Component diagram.
   - [x] 4. Class diagram.


[Model C4 Confluence](../PDF/Model%20C4.pdf)


## Conclusions 
*  **Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan:** By doing this practice, it was easier for us to make the diagrams since they were very similar to those that had already been prepared previously, the only one that was complicated for us to do as a team was the container diagram, since the diagrams that came in the examples were They interpreted it differently, but talking about it in the team we made the diagram with an already more general point of view on the part of all, after the container diagram the others became easier for us.
*  **Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne:** In this practice we made different diagrams based on our project, thus showing in more detail the operation as well as the technological tools used in it. Our problem was to find a way to accommodate our ideas in the diagram because we are 4 in the team and we all have different opinions but we came to the conclusion that everything works as we do and we came to the conclusion that by making diagrams easier to understand the project and helps in the demonstration with the customer and is more understandable in approach, I know that this will serve us in the future when we are working in a company where it takes a lot of documentation and have previous conocminientos much easier to work.
*  **Soria Márquez Guillermo:** In this practice we made 4 diagrams in which our platform is analyzed at different levels, from a basic level in which you do not need much knowledge in the area to the highest level which is more technical explaining functions and tools used. From the beginning, the practice looked relatively simple since we only had to show the platform from different levels, but when we started to do it, the way to organize it became complicated since we did not know if what we were doing was right or not. We reviewed the presentation where the activity was explained to us and the feedback at the time of delivering progress. Other than that, we did not have any problems.
*  **Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro:** In this activity it was a little complicated to perform because I had never used the C4 model, so to make each of the diagrams was to look for examples on which to base. For that way to be able to make each of the diagrams, although none of the team members know if what they put is done correctly. The most confusing part of the activity was to place the type of technology that was used in each of the points that were made, because although we know what technology was used in each thing, there were points in which it had another technology that we did not know for sure

#### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated in the section "The company complies with each one of the following points Instructions?            | 10      |  
| Development    | Each of the points requested in the development of the activity was answered.?     | 60      |
| Demonstration  | The student introduces himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity.?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | A personal opinion of the activity is included for each team member.? | 10      |

:house: [Link Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan](https://github.com/IvanRenteria/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne](https://github.com/vanessamRodriguez/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Soria Márquez Guillermo](https://github.com/GuillermoSoria97/Analisis_Avanzado_de_Software)

:house: [Link Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro](https://github.com/Dany305/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)