# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.4 Learning activity

Project documentation using the Scrum framework for the planning and estimation phase.

### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on research and the document provided by the consultant, perform project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.4_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**.
- Your repository, in addition to having a **readme**.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a contents section or index.
  
## :pencil2: Development

1. Join your team and start preparing what is requested below:
   - [x] 1.1 Identify the tasks for each user story.
   - [x] 1.2 Estimate tasks using a digital tool.
   - [x] 1.3 Create the Sprint backlog with the estimated tasks in hours.
   - [x] 1.4 Develop your gantt chart.
   - [x] 1.5 Identify dependencies of each task and relate it to the activity it depends upon.
   - [x] 1.6 Elaborate Burn down chart the sprint one.

2. Present this information using visual and graphical tools within the sprint planning meeting.
3. Place a section with evidence to show that you came together to develop the activity as a team..


## Conclusions 
*  **Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan:** 
*  **Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne:** 
*  **Soria Márquez Guillermo:** 
*  **Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro:** 
  
#### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated in the section "The company complies with each one of the following points Instructions?            | 10      |  
| Development    | Each of the points requested in the development of the activity was answered.?     | 60      |
| Demonstration  | The student introduces himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity.?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | A personal opinion of the activity is included for each team member.? | 10      |

:house: [Link Renteria Sanchez Hector Ivan](https://github.com/IvanRenteria/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Rodríguez Báez Vanessa Marlenne](https://github.com/vanessamRodriguez/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

:house: [Link Soria Márquez Guillermo](https://github.com/GuillermoSoria97/Analisis_Avanzado_de_Software)

:house: [Link Villanueva Mercado Daniel Alejandro](https://github.com/Dany305/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)